[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Silver‐Scale Curse."
[bird squawking]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
Moroha, I wouldn't mind
you dragging us out
to the middle of nowhere so much
if I thought you knew
where you were going.
‐ Hey, I'm doing this for you.
We've gotta find
this Bokusen‐Oh guy
so he can help us
get the Kyuyokon root.
‐ What is this Kyuyokon root
you keep going on about?
‐ We're not really sure,
but it's something
extremely important
for making your new demon sword.
Moroha, you sure
you got it right this time?
‐ Yeah, Mr. Jyubei
screwed up last time,
but this time, we're good.
He assured me that Bokusen‐Oh
lives right there
in that forest.
TOWA: Really? Doesn't look
like anyone lives there.
Just how deep in there
does he live?
‐ I don't know. Let's find out!
‐ Fine.
‐ Come on, Setsuna.
‐ Right.
[gasps]
[soft music playing]
‐ I see.
So they've gone off
in search of Bokusen‐Oh.
‐ Do you think Setsuna
will master
the Yukari no Tachikiri in time?
‐ Who can say?
‐ "Who can say"?!
Well, I thought
that maybe you could.
‐ Come, Jaken.
‐ Eh, yes, yes, My Lord.
I'm coming.
[water flowing]
‐ As I recall,
Rin must have been
18 years old back then.
[violin playing]
‐ Bakusaiga!
‐ Meido Zangetsuha!
‐ [roars]
‐ [humming violin tune]
Please keep my children
safe from all harm.
‐ [wind blows]
‐ Huh?
[woman laughs]
Were you waiting
for Lord Sesshomaru?
‐ Wh‐Who are you?
‐ My name is Otsuyu.
I despise half‐demon children
and the humans that spawn them.
‐ Half‐demons?
‐ Yes, that's right.
Those twin girls you saw fit
to bring into the world.
I hate them, because half‐demons
only bring misfortune.
‐ [gasps]
‐ If I allow your
half‐demon twins to roam free,
disaster is sure to befall
my brother Kirinmaru,
ending in his demise.
It would be so easy for me
to kill you here and now.
However, that would play
into the hands of you humans,
who seek to be loved during
your short and fleeting lives,
just like Izayoi did.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Those who are loved
are fated to end in beauty.
Well, I won't permit it!
‐ [yelps]
[gasps] Huh?
‐ The silver‐scale curse.
You will live to see your body
covered in hideous silver scales
as you slowly rot away.
‐ Bakusai‐‐
‐ You want the woman dead?!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru!
Master Jaken!
JAKEN: Rin, are you all right?
And you‐‐Zero, as I recall‐‐
what did you just do to Rin?
‐ I'm afraid you've come
a little too late,
Lord Sesshomaru.
Oh, I wouldn't.
If you kill me,
then this woman will die,
and you wouldn't want that,
would you?
‐ Huh?
‐ You see, she and I
now share
the same thread of fate.
The only way
to lift the silver‐scale curse
is to kill me,
but if you do that,
you'll be killing her as well.
‐ [whimpers] L‐Lord Sesshomaru?
ZERO: And what will happen
if she's left like this?
The ugly silver scales will
start to cover her entire body.
Oh, dear me, how horrible.
I really wonder
if the great Lord Sesshomaru
will still be able
to feel love for such a woman.
‐ Zero, just what is it
that you want?
‐ I want the half‐demon twins.
Tell me where they are, and I'll
lift the curse from this woman.
‐ You are mad.
‐ So if we tell you
where they are,
you will lift the curse
you put on Rin?
Well, I will tell you, then.
‐ [gasps] Master Jaken, no!
‐ [muffled] But, Rin, I must...
‐ [gasps]
‐ Rin, what are you doing?!
‐ Take my life!
I'd rather die myself than have
those two die because of me!
‐ Rin...
‐ It's true
I've hardly had the chance
to even hold them
in my arms yet, but even so‐‐
even so, my love
for them as our children
is just as strong as yours,
Lord Sesshomaru.
I'd willingly
sacrifice myself for them!
[Zero scoffs]
Humans are
such amusing creatures.
I'll give you some time
to think it over
and shall return
once Kirinmaru awakens.
I'll expect your answer then.
‐ [Rin winces]
‐ [gasps]
‐ It's so hot. [moans]
‐ [panting]
‐ What is it?
Are you in pain, Rin? [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
The curse is moving rapidly
through her body.
We have to take action,
and quickly too, or else‐‐
I've got it!
Yes, Lord Sesshomaru,
there might be
a way to save her.
We'll seal Rin
inside the Tree of Ages.
The only problem
is Inuyasha and Kagome.
They'll probably
go after Kirinmaru
and try to take down Zero too,
and then, of course,
Rin will die.
‐ It's been quite a while,
Kirinmaru.
Do you intend to slay Inuyasha?
‐ Oh, my. Could Lord Sesshomaru
be offering assistance?
‐ Very well, Sesshomaru.
Come with me.
‐ [wails]
‐ Inuyasha!
‐ [groans]
‐ Inuyasha, are you okay?
‐ Yeah.
‐ [screams]
‐ [gasps] No!
Kagome!
‐ Why did you help them?
‐ I did no such thing.
‐ Burn it all, until
those cursed half‐demon sisters
are wiped from
this plane of existence.
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [Jaken panting]
‐ [splashing]
‐ I'm sorry, Rin.
Zero somehow found out
where the girls were hiding,
and she burnt down
the Sealed Forest!
But don't you worry!
I, Jaken, will make sure
that Setsuna's taken
to a safe place.
I've lost track of Towa
at the moment,
but I'll soon find her again,
and when I do‐‐
[yelps]
The silver scale is spreading?!
But why?!
‐ To stop the curse,
you must permanently freeze
this woman's flow of time.
‐ Are you the Tree of Ages?
Where's Towa?
Where the heck
did you hide Towa?
‐ She is safe.
She was sent across time
to the other world.
The more pressing matter
is to stop
the silver‐scale curse,
is it not?
Use the Dream Butterfly
to bring dreams to her.
‐ Use what to do what?
‐ That is
a Dream Butterfly chrysalis.
Have someone close to the woman
act as its host
‐ while it grows to maturity.
‐ [grumbles]
‐ If you use the Dream Butterfly
to keep giving sleep
and dreams to this woman,
she will also continue
to sleep and dream.
That will stop her time
and slow the curse down.
‐ If you say so.
‐ JAKEN: You there.
‐ [gasps]
[gasps]
JAKEN: Little girl, hop on.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [panting]
Sorry to keep you waiting,
Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ What was it
you were doing, Jaken?
‐ Uh, potty break.
You know... [chuckles]
‐ Let us go.
‐ Wait, wait, wait!
I would if I could!
Come back,
Lord Sesshomaru, please!
[birds chirping]
[brush rustling]
‐ We finally made it out.
‐ Now I'm sure you don't know
where you're going.
‐ [grunts]
‐ Are we any closer
to Bokusen‐Oh?
[Moroha moans]
‐ What's the matter, Setsuna?
‐ Hmm?
‐ I seem to have left
my violin somewhere.
You go on ahead. I'll catch up.
‐ Jeez, how could you go
and forget something like that?
I'm kinda pooped anyway,
so why don't we
just take a little break?
‐ Sounds good.
‐ There's a good spot! Come on!
‐ Okay, okay. Wait up, Moroha!
‐ Come on out, then!
I've been looking for a chance
to test the sharpness
of my Yukari no Tachikiri.
‐ Well, well, well,
so you're the famous daughter
of Sesshomaru, eh?
‐ Are the stories
we've heard about you true,
that you're just a half‐demon?
‐ Even so,
being Sesshomaru's daughter
makes you well worth defeating!
‐ [grunts]
‐ In fact,
you're the ideal prey!
‐ [groans]
What's with this power?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
[laughs]
‐ Hah!
‐ [yells]
[gasps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [laughter]
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [yells]
‐ BOTH: Brother, no!
‐ My eyes! [winces]
‐ Are you all right?
‐ Damn her!
‐ This eye's
suddenly a little itchy,
like a bug flew in it
or something. [laughs]
‐ A Rainbow Pearl?
‐ [rumble]
‐ [gasps]
ALL: Now die, you half‐demon!
‐ Die!
‐ [blade slices]
[chime rings]
[water flowing]
‐ [scoffs]
‐ Was that
your real target all along?
‐ You don't seem surprised.
Did you know I was following?
‐ That earring of yours,
it gives off strange vibrations.
So what are you really after,
the Rainbow Pearls or us three?
‐ You're awfully fussy today.
What if I said
I'm only here to help?
Would that
put your mind at ease?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ You want to help us? Really?
‐ To be honest,
I personally wouldn't care
if you died tomorrow.
But I know
it would upset Lady Towa.
‐ So it's Towa you're after.
I know you're in league
with Kirinmaru,
so you just stay away from her!
‐ Me being in league
with Kirinmaru,
well, I can't exactly say
that you're wrong,
but I would never admit
you're right, either.
‐ [scoffs] You speak in circles.
‐ [chime rings]
‐ Very well, then.
Let me put it in words
you'll understand.
You can't protect Lady Towa.
You're just not good enough yet.
Just look. You're not even
using your new naginata
to its full potential.
‐ So what is your point?
‐ I hereby enlist
my humble services
as Lady Towa's bodyguard.
I know I'm not, uh,
your favorite person,
to say the least,
but don't worry.
I won't tell if you won't.
‐ I do worry.
But I suppose I can trust
that you really do want
to protect Towa.
‐ That's all I ask for.
And to show I'm being genuine...
‐ [gasps]
Wait. This is...
KIRINMARU: I see.
So Setsuna's come back to life.
I thought the Tenseiga
had been destroyed.
How was she revived?
Could it have been done by Towa,
that girl Riku is interested in?
Does the Great Dog‐Demon's blood
run through his granddaughters?
No wonder they amuse me so.
‐ There you are!
It's about time!
What the hell took you so long?
‐ It's nothing.
Don't worry about it.
‐ Well, anyway,
where is Bokusen‐Oh?
It's really weird, because we
should have found him by now.
Moroha, I'm afraid
you've been misinformed again.
[both gasp]
‐ Oh.
You sure Bokusen‐Oh
really lives around here?
‐ Yeah. I see no signs
of human life.
‐ Hey, Bokusen‐Oh,
are you there?!
‐ How insulting.
Who would have thought
I'd ever be called "human"?
‐ Hmm?
‐ [creaking]
‐ How dare you lump me in
with those tailless monkeys?
I am a 2,000‐year‐old tree,
and don't you forget it.
‐ Oh, I'm very sorry, sir.
‐ It's nice to meet you,
Bokusen‐Oh.
I am Moroha, the Demon Killer.
‐ The quarter‐demon
daughter of Inuyasha.
‐ That's right!
And this is Towa and Setsuna,
the twin daughters
of Sesshomaru!
‐ Oh, yes, the half‐demon twins.
I've heard
quite a bit about them.
And that's
the Yukari no Tachikiri?
‐ [gasps]
BOKUSEN‐OH: Forged with
lapis lazuli crystals.
Must be Totosai's work.
And now you expect me
to tell you
about the Kyuyokon root, right?
Not sure I like that.
‐ But we came all this way
just to see you,
'cause Old Man Totosai
told us you're an amazing tree!
Is it true that the famous
Tenseiga's fabulous sheath
‐ was made out of you?
‐ Yes, that's quite true,
and not only
the Tenseiga's sheath,
but the Tessaiga's sheath
was part of my body as well.
[clears throat]
‐ Wow, that's awesome!
Seeing as how you're so amazing,
we have just
one little favor to ask,
if you'll just hear us out.
‐ So far,
I've collected four of them.
[water flows]
‐ And here are
the remaining three.
‐ Ah, Riku.
‐ I traveled
all over the country
to collect them for you.
‐ Well done. Now I
can restore my full powers.
‐ Once you become a great demon
again, you can usher in
the Degenerate Age
if you wish it.
You could even
defeat Sesshomaru.
‐ Spare the pleasantries.
Right now, it's the Half‐Demon
Princesses I wish to kill.
‐ [gasps] Oh, yes, of course.
Please forgive me, will you?
It was in very poor taste
to have forgotten that.
‐ [claps] Pretty, pretty please,
Mr. Bokusen‐Oh?
Come on. The Kyuyokon root,
where is it?
I know you know,
'cause you're so old and wise.
‐ Like I'd ever tell
a half‐demon,
let alone a quarter‐demon.
‐ Oh, you don't have
to tell us anything.
You can just go ahead
and give us a Kyuyokon root,
because I'm assuming
it's just a part
of your root system
or something.
‐ Don't be silly.
The root is cut
from a demon spirit tree
which stands on Mount Musubi.
‐ Mount Musubi?!
‐ The same Mount Musubi
where the Dream Butterfly
is said to live?
BOKUSEN‐OH: The very same.
Mount Musubi is known to be
a place where spirits
of all sorts are born.
TOWA: Now I get it.
The Butterfly
was a type of spirit.
MOROHA: And this Kyuyokon,
the root
of the demon spirit tree,
can take in demon energy
and store it. Is that right?
BOKUSEN‐OH: Correct. And that
is why Kirinmaru fears it.
‐ Wait.
Kirinmaru is afraid of it?
‐ Then we have to get it!
[footsteps clattering]
[Riku gasps]
‐ Well, my dear brother?
I've collected
the Rainbow Pearls.
I know you're able to see me
and hear me, Kirinmaru.
‐ Um, Madam...
what are you talking about?
‐ [chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
‐ I don't understand.
‐ You really never noticed it?
Poor thing, I guess no one
ever did you the kindness
of explaining it to you.
You know you were once
a broken‐off piece
of Kirinmaru's horn.
‐ Yes, and I was
abandoned like trash.
[blades ringing]
ZERO: It happened 600 years ago.
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
‐ Kirinmaru was injured
during his battle
with the Great Dog‐Demon,
and you are the horn he lost.
You are a part
of Kirinmaru's body.
Therefore,
everything you see and hear
is seen and heard by him.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Isn't that right, Kirinmaru?
‐ It seems I can't hide anything
from you, Sister.
‐ Riku, do not ever
show your face to me again,
unless you want me
to kill you, that is.
‐ But why, Madam?
‐ Use that head of yours
to figure it out.
‐ Wait. I beg you‐‐
‐ Go, and never
come near me again.
‐ I see.
So fate has decided
to drive us apart.
[chime rings]
‐ Feared even by Kirinmaru...
‐ At Mount Musubi...
‐ Since we're on the subject‐‐
Oh, but you probably
wouldn't know, anyway.
‐ There is nothing
I do not know, quarter‐demon.
‐ [giggles]
Where the heck is Mount Musubi?
‐ Go about 12 kilometers
in this direction,
and you will see
the mountain in front of you.
‐ Eh? Okay, got it!
Thanks! See you later!
‐ [Bokusen‐Oh scoffs]
‐ Uh, oh.
Thank you for all your help.
‐ Wait.
I didn't just end up
telling them everything, did I?
No, no, not everything.
I didn't tell them about
the barrier at Mount Musubi.
They'll have to deal with that.
[owl hoots]
‐ Hmm?
‐ There's apparently
some kind of a barrier
around Mount Musubi.
‐ That's no surprise.
If this place
was easy to get to,
I'm pretty sure Towa
would have found it ages ago.
‐ Yeah, that's right.
It's what I've been looking for
since I got here,
in case you've forgotten.
‐ It's not like I asked you to.
‐ [gasps]
[grumbles]
Hey, it's for your sake
I'm doing it, you know!
[mysterious music playing]
[music continues]
‐ Ugh. Memories
of that filthy glutton.
And I remember the Red Pearl
was entrusted to Tokotsu.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [no audible dialogue]
[drop echoes]
Izayoi? Why would I see
her memories in the Red Pearl?
Wait. That's right.
That quarter‐demon concealed it
in the woman's rouge.
[gasps] Could it be...
SETSUNA: Anyone standing
against me is my enemy.
‐ [growls]
I don't believe it.
The memories
of those half‐demons
are entwined with my own energy,
obscuring the Rainbow Pearls
behind a veil.
That cursed Sesshomaru.
The Gold and Silver Pearls,
he sealed them
in his daughters' eyes,
knowing this would happen!
[wind blowing]
‐ I sense
a lot of demon energy here.
‐ Yeah, it's kinda weird.
I thought this mountain
was where spirits were born,
not demons.
[wind blowing]
‐ [breathing softly]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Riku once told me
that those who are loved
fade away in an instant.
But does that mean
those who are hated
are left to suffer
for all eternity?
I wonder if that mountain
we've been searching for
holds the answer?
But when we arrive,
we're greeted
by none other than Kirinmaru.
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Barrier at Mount Musubi."
Dream Butterfly,
what exactly are you?